Update Ubuntu 2204 feed info (#35481)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/linux-ubuntu-2204.md

[!INCLUDE [linux-install-package-manager-x64-vs-arm](includes/linux-install-package-manager-x64-vs-arm.md)]

> .NET is available in the Ubuntu package manager feeds, as well as the Microsoft package repository. However, you should only use one or the other to install .NET. If you want to use the Microsoft package repository, see [How to register the Microsoft package repository](linux-ubuntu.md#register-the-microsoft-package-repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET is available in the [Ubuntu packages feed](https://packages.ubuntu.com/), as well as the Microsoft package repository. However, you should only use one or the other to install .NET. If you want to use the Microsoft package repository, see [How to register the Microsoft package repository](linux-ubuntu.md#register-the-microsoft-package-repository).
```
